Add opportunity to trade jump drives for headpats (#7)
Hurleveur/unfettered-innovations: data/side missions.txt

				to display
					has "jump drives for headpats"
			`<tab>"You want this jump drive? Give me permission to pet you," you say.`
				to display
					not "jump drives for headpats"
			branch angry
                             random < 50 - "unfettered headpat attitude" - 25 * "license: Unfettered"
			`	"..."`
			choice
				`	"It's just four words."`
				`	"Nevermind, just give me the credits."`
					goto money
			action
				"jump drives for headpats" ++
			branch indifferent
				random < 50 - "unfettered headpat attitude"
			action
				"unfettered headpat attitude" ++
			label indifferent
			`	"...Can I have headpats?"`
			scene "portrait/hai00"
			`	You spend the next three hours petting the Unfettered, while they collect your jump drive. You do not gain any further information.`
				goto trade

			label angry
			`	"Stupid monkey thinks they can pet a True Hai. Stupid monkey is unworthy of petting a True Hai."`
			branch nochange
				random < 50 + "unfettered headpat attitude"
			action
				"unfettered headpat attitude" --
			label nochange
			choice
				`	"It's just four words."`
				`	"Nevermind, just give me the credits."`
					goto money

> 			`	As soon as you finish speaking, one of the Unfettered runs up and stabs you with a machete.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	As soon as you finish speaking, one of the Unfettered runs through you with a machete and shouts "I'm not cute!"`
```
Mb like this to add a ref to the spaceport msg haha?

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't it be "you through"?
```suggestion
			`	As soon as you finish speaking, one of the Unfettered runs you through with a machete and shouts "I'm not cute!"`
```

# Based on "Unfettered Jump Drive 4" by Michael Zahniser.
# Initial conversation and idea by AvianGeneticist: https://discord.com/channels/251118043411775489/1031714960528646194/1148660182310723624.
# Combined mission by ziproot.
disable mission "Unfettered Jump Drive 4"
mission "Unfettered Jump Drive 4b"
	job
	repeat
	name "Sell Jump Drive"

> 	description "Exchange a jump drive on your flagship or in cargo for money, permission to pet the Unfettered, or for weapons, if an outfitter is available."

Reviewer: Isnt this too long of a description?

Author: No

	substitutions
		"<tab>" ""
		"<tab>" "	"
			has "flagship planet: Darkcloak"
	to offer
		has "Unfettered Jump Drive 3: offered"
		not "event: wanderers: unfettered invasion starts"
	to fail
		has "Unfettered Jump Drive 4: active"
	to accept
		or
			has "outfit (flagship installed): Jump Drive"
			has "outfit (cargo): Jump Drive"
	on accept
		conversation
			branch "want outfits"
				not "unfettered: money for drives"
				has "Unfettered Jump Drive Trading: offered"
				has "flagship planet: Darkcloak"
			branch headpat
				has "jump drives for headpats"
			label money
			action
				payment 1000000
			`As usual, the Unfettered are more than willing to pay you a million credits for your jump drive, but you do not gain any additional information by talking with them.`
				goto trade

			label "want outfits"
			`The Unfettered's usual deal of trading a jump drive for weapons still stands.`
			choice
				`	(Take two Tripulse Shredders.)`
				`	(Take money.)`
					goto money
				`	(Ask to pet the Unfettered.)`
					goto headpat
			action
				outfit "Tripulse Shredder" 2
			`	The two Shredders are loaded onto your ship, in exchange for your jump drive.`
				goto trade

			label headpat

> 			`<tab>"You want this jump drive? Oh, honey, you know the fee," you say.`

Reviewer: Honey's pushing it a bit lmao

				to display
					has "jump drives for headpats"
			`<tab>"You want this jump drive? Give me permission to pet you," you say.`
				to display
					not "jump drives for headpats"

> 			`	"..."`

Reviewer: Just an idea, but what if they have a 5% chance to get mad or smth like that?
